oh this is nice coffee a nice book and
down what's missing
sometimes biscuits like this or maybe
cakes and that's my ribs yeah you heard
me right I said pop ribs
that's what happens when that Chinese
style Southeast Asian food evolves here
in this part of the world they come up
with strange weird and wonderful
combinations and one of my favorite
dishes that it's found commonly in the
street restaurants is what you believe
it
coffee ribs and we have to thank the
Malaysians they came up with this
ingenious speech chef's tea did you sit
what would a bit of coffee the sensation
of coffee taste like this nice bright
pop rip so let's find out here we go now
this is what we'll need for grapes of
course about three to four hundred grams
about five six pieces we will need this
one hey hey
about 2 1 so 1 and 1/2 packs of
between one instant coffee powder that's
about three to four teaspoons full and
then we'll need a bit of oyster sauce
sugar cinnamon powder and a bit of corn
starch to just give this some texture
when we fry the pop ribs okay here we go
firstly you would want to put some
cornstarch with the pot ribs here it's
about make it really messy just nice
let's get on it fry the pork ribs how
difficult can that be this is so simple
you wouldn't believe
okay instant coffee powder wait now you
want to get the the instant coffee
powders that a little bit more bitter
and more coffee you know so that the
bitter sensation the fragrant be the
sensation of coffee comes through just
about a packet and a half and about how
many 50 ml of water that's fine and on
okay and when that is going on put in
about two teaspoon of soy sauce spoonful
and a half of two to two spoonfuls of
sugar so thicken and caramelize this
sauce and you're gonna let that reduce
meanwhile can you imagine you know it's
golden brown just like the crisp with
the hot start on the outside for rips
tossed in a gorgeous sauce like this see
there you got a yoga and smell its best
of course not we're not that advanced
hello okay here we go here we go you can
take all this progress and turn this off
right now okay this is easy
put it in there now yum yum yum just a
little bit OOP yeah go
okay now we bow now for some meaningless
decorations some spring onions in there
and then for the finishing touch
cinnamon powder over our good to go
that you guys are taking along too long
to film this
oh you know that the CD flavor coffees
in there but is somewhat salty fight if
I may say caused by the umami flavor of
the savoriness ham got in by the oyster
sauce
the little dusting of cinnamon
all I need now is my morning newspaper